[Music]
Not
screen.
[Music]
Hi guys, welcome to my Italy vlog. It is
my first time here and we're staying in
Positano and I'm here with one of my
best friends for the next seven days.
And this is just a quick overview of our
Airbnb which was really cute. And this
week is going to be super jam-packed
with so many day trips and activities
and a few familiar YouTube faces. So, I
hope you enjoy. And without further ado,
let's get into the video.
[Music]
I love this view. What?
What is life right now? This is
literally insane. A dream. It's such a
dream. For real. This is Lonnie's. Looks
so good. And then I got spaghetti of
bongoli. I've been filming on time
lapse, but I already had my first bite
and it is so good. I'm obsessed.
[Music]
I just finished lunch at Utrian which
was in the hotel Poseidon and honestly
it was so good. We got our classic
pastas again and now we're just walking.
But honestly this morning we had to rush
out. It was like 15 minutes away, but we
didn't realize that it was going to be
26 flights of stairs. So, we walked
2,000 steps first thing in the morning,
literally on an empty stomach. Nothing,
no caffeine, no water. We weren't
mentally prepared either. So, just
straight up like, "Here's 26 flights of
stairs. Can you climb it?" And we were
like, "We're going to make this reso."
So, like halfway through, I was like,
"My heart is literally going to beat out
of my freaking chest. I think I should
turn around." But then I was like,
"We're halfway through, so I can't give
up now." Was it worth the climb?
>> Yes. Yeah, I think so, too. But now
we're just shopping along and heading to
a cafe to get a little gelato because
it's like 28° right now.
[Music]
>> This is the shop that's like super viral
on the internet and it has like really
cute patterns and stuff. It kind of
reminds me of Love Shack Fancy, which is
super cute. Like it's all sorts of
patterns. They even have like different
sizes. Like this is like a little one.
It's a much bigger one. Like I love
these little makeup bags. I think they
are so cute. It's been on my wish list
for the last couple of years, but I
wanted one where I could get like my
name on it. They're all really cute.
Like this bag is honestly the same
pattern as the my mom made it bag, but
it's also €78, which is crazy. But I
think I might get like a makeup bag.
[Music]
I had planned on getting vanilla, but
then she recommended this one. So,
that's Jessia.
It is so rich.
>> Hello.
>> Hi.
>> The water is so blue.
[Music]
Bro,
>> the book I packed for this trip is We
Are All Guilty by Karen Slaughter. It's
her newest release. I'm really excited
to see where it goes. On the plane, I
already read, I think, 200 pages. And I
will say that it is a little bit
different than her other books because
there's a big time skip by almost 12
years. And I haven't read a single one
of her books that has that. Usually like
goes backwards in time. So, I don't
really know if I like it, but I also
haven't finished the book yet, so I
can't tell for sure. We're going to
dinner now after washing up from the
beach. We're at this place called Max
and it is so beautiful, guys. I have to
show you this interior. We also
collected some friends. We have Sarah
and then Daisy's on her way, too.
[Music]
We went to Kina's again. This is where
we're at. It's so good.
>> What did you get, Lonnie? I got
hazelnut. Okay, cute. I got vanilla.
>> I got a pistachio and I got lemon. It's
a sorbet.
>> Oh my god.
[Music]
All right.
The
[Music]
It's so cold. Oh my god.
>> Okay, now that I'm in, it's not as bad.
[Music]
The paddle
Lonnie and I just got out of the water
and honestly, it's so fun and so
refreshing. I feel like I never been in
the water. I'm just going to do Lonnie's
hair care routine now.
[Applause]
[Music]
Mediterranean octopus salad. And then
Lonnie got the bara, which looks so
good.
Okay, now this is our second course for
lunch. I got a lobster burger. It looks
so good. And then Lonnie got a Neurono
pasta. I think I'm just going to full
scent.
At first, I only tasted the celery, but
the mayo or the dressing they're using
is really good.
[Music]
[Applause]
Good morning, guys. We just got ready
really quickly because we're actually
having a full boat day today. And before
we head out, I just want to show you how
I stay connected in Italy. Obviously, to
stay online with you guys, but also with
my friends and family back home. So,
thank you to Saley for making this
possible. SLY is an eim app that helps
you stay connected at an affordable rate
in over 200 countries around the world.
And if you don't know what an eim is, it
is exactly like a normal one, but is
digital and it just downloads into your
phone and just helps you start any trip
hassle-free. Ever since I learned about
eims like 2 or 3 years ago, I honestly
haven't gone back to a physical card
because it's just such a hassle to get
it at the airport. And then you also
need the pin to unlock it in your phone.
And so sometimes if you don't have that
on hand, then it just becomes a lot more
work and then something for you to worry
about. So s is compatible with all iOS
and Android devices and you can just
download the app and search the country
or location that you're going to. There
are various plans at various price
points so you can just choose what is
best suited for you and your trip. You
guys can get an exclusive 15% off on
sale eim data plans. You can download
the sale app on the app store or play
store and use code brianna at checkout.
[Music]
Oh.
Oh, that's so nice.
[Music]
From the water line and I took the bus
up from the beach all the way up and now
we're getting lunch. I was super excited
and I said I was going to stop getting
seafood pasta cuz it's the only thing
I've been getting but I got another one.
So, and the boat was so much fun as
well. We took so many photos and swam so
much. I'm honestly like kind of fading
now. We have a whole day ahead of us.
It's only 118. So, I feel like gelato
will perk me up. And I forgot to show
you this restaurant's view is insane.
[Music]
Lonnie and I made it to Srento and
before we get into anything, we need to
eat because we're getting hungry and
we're starving. We haven't eaten since
last night. Had dinner at 7:00 p.m. and
it is now 1:00 p.m. the next day. So,
we're having a little drink before our
sandwiches and then we're going to get
sauté
[Music]
postcard shopping. I think I'm going to
make these into prints for my wall.
That red ball
Lobby
[Music]
and I just came to the shop and it
literally is called Santa's
and everything is
[Music]
>> Annie and I have left the city center of
Sarto and now we're at the beach or
getting really close. So, we're going to
head down and have a little beach day
for the next couple of hours before
coming back for dinner and then have to
take the ferry back to Positano, which
is where we're staying. But, we're super
excited.
[Music]
This is an extreme sport. We just have
to climb literally down all of those
rocks and then change in public in an
open space and then put our things up on
a high rock so that no one can really
get into them. And they're right up
there in blocking London. The water is
so blue. I just took my hair out. Nice.
Oh my god, people keep jumping off the
cliff.
[Music]
Three,
two,
one.
[Music]
situation that I have to get down from
if I want to swim. So,
it doesn't seem that high, but honestly,
the rocks are so sharp, it's like not
even funny. Oh my god,
it's a little crab, guys. That's kind of
scary.
My feet. Sorry, Mr. Crab. Just going to
step around him.
I need to find Lonnie.
Lonnie.
[Music]
Oh my gosh. Oh my GoPro.
That's so
[Music]
Lonnie and I just made it to Amalfi
today. We had to take the ferry at 9:00
a.m. One of the earlier days that we've
woken up this trip. Now we're just going
to get a little breakfast. But I think
we're going to go down a sweet treat
route because yesterday we had like
paninis and stuff and that wasn't really
what we wanted. So today we're going to
get a sweet treat for breakfast.
And then I just got orange juice and
apricot cookie and a raspberry tart as
my breakfast.
Freshly squeezed. Super good. There's a
lot of salt though.
[Music]
This is the first top that I tried on. I
really like the pattern. I love red
gingham as you guys probably know cuz
I've been wearing it this entire trip.
But I just can't tell if this top kind
of looks frumpy because it's not like
cinched tight. It's like loose. Okay,
this is top two. Now, this is what it
looks like on me. I think this one's a
little bit more flattering just because
it's like tight all the way through. And
this is the third shirt that I'm trying
on. I thought this tank top would be a
little bit tighter, but it's quite loose
and it's not very form fitting. I could
probably cinch it in like this much. So,
I really like this pattern. I love blue
stripes, but I don't think I'm going to
get this one. And I made it to our
cooking. We made it. Somehow, I know I'm
sweating. We are also 30 minutes late,
but first we're starting off
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
We finish.
[Music]
Bye-bye.
Hey,
[Music]
honey.
I don't know.
Oh.
[Music]